Our goal for this project was to create a functional calculator able to implement basic math functions, decimal inputs and more advance functions including exponentiation, square root and logarithms. We also applied a way to hold past calculations substituting one of the Jlabels to store them there. This was done to work past the limitation of being able to input a longer expression with multiple numbers in one calculation. 
    We used Netbeans to set up the GUI and layout of the calculator. This allowed us to create an intuitive design similar to that of the classic calculators everyone is used to. Then we set up the text on the buttons and added action listeners, so each number and operator did what they were supposed to do. The overall idea of how the calculator works is that when the user inputs a number and pressed a function, that number is stored as variable “a” and then the function is added to the “equation” display and then it is cleared for the second variable. 
    The logic and rules used included, “a” & “b” was to store the first and second numbers of an equation, “operator” was used to call a mathematical operator from the Operations class, “isNewInput” was used to indicate that the user is entering a new number and finally “equation” was used to keep track of the displayed equation. We also had to make sure that the calculator was able to handle invalid user inputs such as dividing by 0, the logarithm function only working with positive numbers or any non-numeric inputs by displaying error messages notifying the user about the encounter such as “Error: Invalid Input for Log"
    Some of the limitations of our code is the messy layout. With that, it is a bit hard to keep track of every part but for the most part the calculator manages well and while there is no option for negative numbers as a button, you can input with the keyboard and it works just fine. 



